[Music]
Harry Potter has been spending another
dissatisfying summer with the Dursleys
when Aunt Marge insults Harry's parents
Harry loses his temper and silently
wills her to bloat up and float away
Harry flees with his luggage fed up with
his life at the Dursleys the night bus
delivers Harry to the leaky cauldron
where he is forgiven by Minister of
Magic Cornelius fudge for using magic
outside of Hogwarts after reuniting with
his best friends Ron and Hermione Harry
learns a serious black a convicted
supporter of the Dark Wizard Baltimore
who murdered Harry's parents has escaped
Azkaban prison intending to kill Harry
Harry along with Ron Weasley and
Hermione Granger are returning to
Hogwarts for the school year on the
Hogwarts Express
when Dementors suddenly board the train
searching for Sirius one enters the
trio's compartment causing Harry to pass
out new Defense Against the Dark Arts
teacher Professor Lupin repels the
Dementor with a Patronus charm at
Hogwarts headmaster Albus Dumbledore
announces that Dementors will be
guarding the school while Sirius is at
large
Hogwarts grounds keeper Hagrid is
announced as the new care of magical
creatures teacher his first class goes
awry when Draco Malfoy deliberately
provokes a Hippogriff Buckbeak who
attacks him Draco exaggerated his injury
and Draco's father Lucius Malfoy later
has Buckbeak sentenced to death
The Fat Lady's portrait which guards the
Gryffindor quarters is found ruined and
empty terrified and hiding in another
painting the fat lady tells Dumbledore
that Sirius Black has entered the castle
during a stormy Quidditch match against
hufflepuff Dementors attack Harry
causing him to fall off his broomstick @
Hogsmeade Harry is shocked to learn that
not only had Sirius Black been his
father's best friend
and apparently betrayed them to
Voldemort but that Sirius is also his
Godfather
Lupin privately teaches Harry to defend
himself against Dementors using the
Patronus charm after Harry Ron and
Hermione witness buck beaks execution
Ron's pet rat Scabbers bites him and
escapes when ron chases after him a
large dog appears and drags both Ron and
Scabbers into a hole at the whomping
willows base which leads to an
underground passage to the shrieking
Shack the trio discovers that the dog is
actually serious who was an animagus
Lupin arrives and embraces serious as an
old friend he admits to being a werewolf
and explains the serious
innocent serious was falsely accused of
betraying the Potters to Voldemort and
murdering 12 muggles and their mutual
friend Peter Pettigrew it has revealed
that Scabbers is actually Pettigrew an
animagus who committed the crime for
which Sirius was convicted and had
betrayed the Potters after forcing him
back into human form Lupin and Sirius
prepared to kill him but Harry convinces
them to turn Pettigrew over to the
Dementors as the group departs the full
moon rises
Lupin transforms into a werewolf and
Sirius transforms into his dog form to
fight him off in the chaos
Pettigrew transforms back into a rat and
escapes serious and Harry are attacked
by Dementors and Harry sees a figure in
the distance save them by casting a
powerful Patronus spell he believes the
mysterious figure is his deceased father
and passes out he awakens to discover
that Sirius has been captured and
sentenced to the Dementors kiss acting
on Dumbledore's advice Harry and
Hermione travel back in time with
Hermione's time-turner
and watch themselves and run repeat the
night's events they save Buckbeak from
execution and witnessed the Dementors
overpower Sirius and airy the president
Harry realizes that it was actually he
who conjured the Patronus and does so
again Harry and Hermione rescue Sirius
who escapes with Buckbeak Lupin resigns
to prevent an uproar from parents over a
werewolf teaching their children Sirius
sends Harry a fire bolt broom and Harry
happily takes it for a ride
[Music]